hello to all little girls welcome back today
I'm co so there is so many videos
for all the months of June
let's start right away the first question is
song of the month then the song of the
month it happens to me to find very much the
music because going to the sea then
must then listen to the music and
so I also discovered as many
more new songs than before
I knew with more assiduous listening
that is 6 essential of marco mengoni il
black swan from fedex iphone of maroon
five maran you owe a file I think so
can all iss horses whiting is not true yes
wansink friedman direction like a
my songs are the modà painter
absolute file this month
second question at the end of the month then not
saw a movie this month because
already anyway even in winter that
go to the movies a lot when a lot of movies
so in summer anyway even less
but I think a film that remains to me is heard
Absolutely not even favorites yet
released but already knows that it will be in crisis
the company will show universiti for that
they dub two monsters and two
two people ask then they will double
much that is not what we are there anyway i
usual idiots and knows that they will be i
favorite movie third perfume question from
month of it or because being summer I am
lied during this body during
I closed it Snow and invisible
for black and white and now it is not
very much like the doctor a lot
has some accessory accessories questions
it often happens to put of
wear this necklace here
close and it's very simple you see one
length with the emeco little heart from
very much the cub tiffany heart e
will happen I keep it for that and then much
simple very pretty there is a okay
putting it with everything is another thing
this is particularly wearing
hat that I like for the shape here
you have because bezier straight and then the
crates just like they were torn to pieces
so it happens very often to me
put this hat on with the use that
other for around the evening
just to look a little more
rock fifth question for report
no comment report
lots of problems than at the party of
people that I love but who actually hand to
someone else and there is not after you
will explain the sixth one day away
question
slips the month then the enemies I have
absolute favorite this month
are the preferred submissive peaches in
absolute because they are fresh they are easy
to eat and I am very comfortable to carry
around here the big monsur is hotter
fishing and just seventh question also of the
month
really so much touch
simple I know if you see mascara either above
that under waterproof the mask that
I use this masca here and there
grain that does not know how much he paid no
I remember, however , you always find it
this one if I have to go out at night then
an important special event event
I use this, but I use the grain
which is the number 31
was in the old collection to learn e
and it is this beautiful violet color e
gives a lot here on the eye and
the use especially for the evening and
always with regards to the evening
used this the target of the pupa
which is this very very beautiful coral
that this run here that is very cool
because it is a very beautiful coral for
the summer
and if you are interested it is the number that is from
no abel, however, is the 305 pupa
eighth demand for hair and hair
I feel dissolved because he made me
diogenes of legates because to me that
mark all and nothing the color always
this one
and then there is also the trolling that goes well
having already seen this in other videos
here and nothing the tent until it does
it will break everything the ninth question the thing
the house bra is the most beautiful of the month in the month
beyond that the school ended because it didn't
I want to hear more is that I go to
london and therefore is the home of the sea has
said this month it remained the most thing
ugly
most of all I don't know there isn't one
worst thing
the tenth question the favorite products
of the month to the holy month this cream that
I did yesterday that we risk the queen of
praise of lush is not enough for the body
that I found her saying in the shower
still very good that soft from yesterday and
leaves a scent that is very good
so this app reveals recommend
very much we say balm here in
ostrich that must be exploited on the hair but
the shower can be repaired
any are ruined and in any case there
makes it very soft however no life goes
very much because he was talking about the next video
are introduced favorites I will talk to you with
I state a specific picture of the month
that in one of his lives there are some
questions that I added like
they seemed quite appropriate for this
then video then the photo of the month
so my absolute favorite
I really like this photo because of me
you can see all the pencil I have
shown in pencil is the one there
see very well I like a lot like
photo the color of the month the color of a
month
I think it's orange and yellow because
are the ones that I do also summer
it is also the color of my fingernail e
beautiful water the application of the month
I confirm youtube because it is the song both
la is my favorite application of
more in this month than ever because
the one you use the most
and as a second instagram that is now
they can put in who video and in mine
quality is always the best assobeton
here on youtube and instagram the drink
of the mend had of the month is the la coca
mostly because it also launched the
reminds me that i was then launched
more beautiful thing they are both good a
This month's cover is the one I have here
shown in yesterday's purchases that
it will be beautiful because all the geas
in short, if already seen as before
so also this then nothing here
it's all boy I send you a kiss
norms cei en us e o video ciao